---
title: 'Survey Question Ideas'
output: pdf_document
bibliography: main.bib
nocite: |
    @goldberg, @internet-accessibility-for-the-visually-impaired-survey, @doi:10.1177/0034355220957107
---

# Survey Question Ideas:

## Background Question Ideas:

[@goldberg]

1. When did you go blind? BAB or BBB
1. What is your degree of visual difficulty? Choose one:
    - Totally blind
    - Blind – can see light and shapes
    - Low visioned – limited visual acuity
    - Low visioned – high visual acuity
    - Bad vision – not legally blind
    - Other:
1. How much do you use a mobile device? How often and what for?
1. What kind of mobile device do you have? Choose all that apply.
    - [ ] Android
    - [ ] iPhone
    - [ ] Flip Phone
    - [ ] Other:
1. Have you used applications such as google maps for navigation purposes?
    - If yes, how effective was it and how was the experience? How often?

[@internet-accessibility-for-the-visually-impaired-survey]

1. Have you used any other tool for navigation purposes?
    - If yes, what was it and how was your experience with it?
1. How recently have you used these tools if answered yes?
1. Do you continue to use these tools in your life?
    - If you are aware of any tools that may be too expensive or something, what are those. what kind of tool would you like to use?
1. If you had to locate a new place on a map how would you do it? what application if any would you use?
1. If you had to navigate to a new location how would you do it? what application if any would you use?
1. Have you had any experience with navigation and route planning experts?
1. What is your experience with forms of feedback i.e. Audio, Vibration, Tactile(braille maybe?)
1. Do you have any experience reading or writing in braille?
    - If yes, how extensive is the experience?
1. How do you frequently travel? Choose all that apply:
    - [ ] By foot
    - [ ] Uber
    - [ ] public transport
    - [ ] Driving
1. Use of devices while walking? Choose all that apply
    - [ ] cane
    - [ ] dog
    - [ ] telescope
1. What age group best describes you? Choose one:
    - Less than 21 years old
    - Between 21 and 44 years old
    - Between 45 and 65 years old
    - Over 65 years old
    - Prefer not to answer
1. Are there any applications you would like to use but do not, due to accessibility issues?
1. In what place to you live?
    - Urban/City
    - Rural
    - Sub-Urban
1. Do you feel that maps are inaccessible to you? Why or why not?
   **Generated by the AI:**
1. What type of information would you like to receive about your surroundings? Choose all that apply: Restaurants, Stores, Landmarks, Other.
1. What type of information would you like to receive about specific locations? Choose all that apply: hours of operation, type of business, accessible features.
1. For the following activities, please rate your level of difficulty from 1-5, 1 being the easiest, 5 being the hardest.
   a. Orienting yourself to a new place
   b. Finding specific landmarks
   c. Understanding the layout of a building
   d. Determining your current location
1. Once you have plotted a course, how do you follow it?
1. If not, what changes would you like to see made to make them more accessible?
1. What do you think about the use of audio cues in lieu of visual cues on a map? (scale of 1-5 maybe?)
1. What do you think about the use of vibration in lieu of visual cues on a map? (scale of 1-5 maybe?)
1. What do you think about the use of tactile cues in lieu of visual cues on a map? (scale of 1-5 maybe?)
1. Have you ever used a map designed for blind individuals? If so, what did you think of it?
1. Do you use any specialized hardware or software to help you locate places on a map? If yes, please describe the hardware/software and how it helps you.
1. How do you usually find your way around an unfamiliar place?

<!---
your comment goes here
and here
-->

## Demographic Questions

Built into qualtrics

## Questions For Potential Project Direction?

1.
1.
1.
1.

# References
